





 


	 


GROUP NUMBER - (1)



TEAM MEMBERS	EMPLOYEE CODE
 AAYUSH GOKHALE	41574
AAYUSH NAYAK	41728
ABHISHEK KOKANE	41521
ADITYA TAYDE	41609
AJAY BARFA	41561
AKSHATA NIMJE	41740
 AMAN DESHMUKH	41593
 



OVERVIEW –

The employee management system is an application that will track the records of all the employees of the organization. This application will contain the details like name, designation, salary information, attendance details, leave details, client details, project details etc. The performance of the employees can also be kept track of through this application. This application can contain the administrator who can post the announcements, holidays, birthdays and notes. This will be one of the interesting projects that one can work on and implement in a real-time world.




PROBLEM STATEMENT -


The "EMPLOYEE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM" has been developed to override the problems prevailing in the practicing manual system. This software is supported to eliminate and, in some cases, reduce the hardships faced by this existing system. Moreover, this system is designed for the need of the company to carry out operations in a smooth and effective manner. The application is reduced as much as possible to avoid errors while entering the data. It also provides error message while entering invalid data. No formal knowledge is needed for the user to use this system. Thus, by this all it
proves it is user-friendly.
 




ADVANTAGES OF THE WEBSITE APPLICATION –

1. Improve Workforce Management Efficiencies
2. Employee Engagement
3. Securing Employee Information
4. Fewer Compliance Risks
5. Boosted Profitability
6. Very Few Manual Errors
7. Higher Productivity



TECHNOLOGY STACK –

1.	Angular

2.	Spring boot

3.	MySql

4.	GIT
 

















USE CASE DIAGRAM FOR THE WEB APPLICATION

 












FEATURES OF THE  PROJECT:

The features that can be included in the employee management system are as follows:
1.	Employee database management: The details of the employees like name, contact, designation and many other details of the employees of the organization can be kept in track.

2.	Performance: The performance of the employee can be tracked using this application. The performance of the employee of the organization can be obtained in just one mouse click.

3.	Report: There will be a report that will be generated by the organization based on the performance of the employee. So, it can be handled well with the help of this application.

4.	Access with ease: The information related to the particular employee of the organization or any other personal details can be obtained with ease using this application.

5.	Salary related information: The information related to the salary of the employee can be stored in this application with ease.

6.	Attendance: One can track the information related to the attendance of the employee with ease.

7.	Performance-based rewards: The employees of the organization can be rewarded based on the performance that one performs in the organization.

8.	Reviews: The reviews of the employee performance can be obtained directly from the higher authorities of the organization through this application.
 
 




 

CONCLUSION –

 
 

Our project is only a humble venture to satisfy the needs to manage their project
work. Several user-friendly coding has also adopted. This package shall prove to be a powerful package in satisfying all the requirements of the company. The objective of
software planning is to provide a framework that enables the manger to make
reasonable estimates made within a limited time frame at the beginning of the software project and should be updated regularly as the project progresses.
